# yathartha-dapp
DEVELOPING AN AUTOMATED SECURE CHAIN OF CUSTODY USING AIDCT AND DLT: STARTING THE FIELD OF SECCOCOPS.    

Many domains have found a promising solution in Blockchain technology, with financial reconciliation being the most popular. Every single day of the current human interaction cannot be explained without Autonomous Intelligent Data Capture Technology, the most popular presently being the QR-code and NFC. Maintaining and regulating the chain of custody is a crucial aspect of digital forensics and forensic science where blockchain and NavIC solutions can provide a significant help. Although there have been many reflections on using blockchain and IoT in digital forensic investigations, their application to physical along with the digital evidence custody management has received little attention. The aim of our research is to study literature related to the use of blockchain technology and AIDC technology in addressing issues with the chain of custody of physical as well as digital evidence and developing the Blockchain-Satellite Navigation System (SNS) based DLT- AIDCT solution for the same. In a systematic literature review, we examined 40+ sources that discuss blockchain- based solutions for chain of custody issues in evidence. These requirements could apply to both digital and physical evidence. There is a need for future research to address the lack of studies on using blockchain technology to deal with issues related to the physical evidence chain of custody, as showed by the results. The solution for this will be provided through the use of Hyperledger Firefly and Mappls Map my India Asset tracking IoT Device in this project. As of now, even though there have been several architectures suggested for the project, none has been made available for commercial use or open-source. This project will deeply analyze the sufficient architecture among the proposed ones and then develop a DLT-AIDCT Chain of Custody management solution using Node.js (ExpressJS Framework, jQuery), HTML, CSS (Bootstrap framework) programming languages.
